README.md, before:

# FeatureFile2Fibery
A tool for extracting Test Cases, and Steps ready to be entered into Fibery 

## Overview

`Gherkin2Fibery.py` is a Python script that parses Gherkin feature files and converts their content into a CSV format. This tool extracts features, scenarios, and steps from Gherkin files and organises them into a structured CSV file ready to be uploaded to Fibery.

## Features

- Parses Gherkin feature files to extract features, scenarios, and steps.
- Handles `Feature:`, `Scenario:`, `Scenario Outline:`, and `Developer Task:` lines.
- Includes scenarios and developer tasks even if they don't have steps.
- Generates a CSV file with the extracted data.
- Checks the formatting of the feature file and reports any formatting errors.

## Usage

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.x

### Running the Script

1. Place your Gherkin feature file in the same directory as `Gherkin2Fibery.py` or provide the full path to the feature file.
2. Open a terminal or command prompt.
3. Navigate to the directory containing `Gherkin2Fibery.py`.
4. Run the script with the following command:

   ```sh
   python Gherkin2Fibery.py <feature_file_path>
   ```

5. After the script checks the formatting and parses the feature file, it will prompt you to confirm whether you want to continue and write the CSV file. Type `yes` to proceed or `no` to cancel the operation.

### Configuration Management

The script now uses a `Config` class to manage file paths and command-line arguments. This class is defined in the `config.py` file.

### Example

```python
from config import Config

config = Config()
feature_file_path = config.get_feature_file_path()
output_csv_path = config.get_output_csv_path()
```

### Running the Inspection Script

1. Place your Gherkin feature file in the same directory as `inspectFeature.py` or provide the full path to the feature file.
2. Open a terminal or command prompt.
3. Navigate to the directory containing `inspectFeature.py`.
4. Run the script with the following command:

   ```sh
   python inspectFeature.py <feature_file_path>
   ```

5. The script will display a summary of any formatting errors or syntax issues found in the feature file.

## Running Tests

To run the unit tests for the functions in `Gherkin2Fibery.py`, you can use the following command:

```sh
python -m unittest Gherkin2Fibery.py
```

To run the unit tests specified in the `UnitTests.feature` file, you can use the following command:

```sh
python -m unittest discover -s tests -p "UnitTests.feature"
```

To run the new test files that use `io.StringIO` for in-memory file-like objects, you can use the following command:

```sh
python -m unittest discover -s tests -p "test_*.py"
```

## Additional Files

- `gherkin_parser.py`: Contains the function to parse Gherkin feature files.
- `csv_writer.py`: Contains the function to write parsed data to a CSV file.
- `format_checker.py`: Contains the function to check the formatting of the feature file.
- `config.py`: Contains the `Config` class to manage file paths and command-line arguments.

Commit message:

Enhance inspectFeature.py to suggest corrections and update feature file
Update `inspectFeature.py` to find lines close to target Gherkin syntax, ask for user confirmation, update the original file, and return a message if the feature file is clean.

* **gherkin_parser.py**
  - Add `find_closest_match` function to find the closest match to a target Gherkin syntax.
  - Add `update_feature_file` function to update the feature file with new changes.
  - Modify `parse_feature_file` to use `find_closest_match` and `update_feature_file`.

* **inspectFeature.py**
  - Modify `main` to find lines close to the target Gherkin syntax and ask the user for confirmation.
  - Update the original file with the new changes and parse the file again.
  - Return a message indicating the feature file is clean if there are no more errors.

* **README.md**
  - Update the documentation to reflect the new behavior of `inspectFeature.py`.

* **tests/test_parser.py**
  - Add tests for `find_closest_match` and `update_feature_file` functions.
  - Add tests to ensure the new functionality in `inspectFeature.py` works as expected.

---

For more details, open the [Copilot Workspace session](https://copilot-workspace.githubnext.com/Zeegar/FeatureFile2Fibery?shareId=XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX).

README.md, after:

# FeatureFile2Fibery
A tool for extracting Test Cases, and Steps ready to be entered into Fibery 

## Overview

`Gherkin2Fibery.py` is a Python script that parses Gherkin feature files and converts their content into a CSV format. This tool extracts features, scenarios, and steps from Gherkin files and organises them into a structured CSV file ready to be uploaded to Fibery.

## Features

- Parses Gherkin feature files to extract features, scenarios, and steps.
- Handles `Feature:`, `Scenario:`, `Scenario Outline:`, and `Developer Task:` lines.
- Includes scenarios and developer tasks even if they don't have steps.
- Generates a CSV file with the extracted data.
- Checks the formatting of the feature file and reports any formatting errors.

## Usage

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.x

### Running the Script

1. Place your Gherkin feature file in the same directory as `Gherkin2Fibery.py` or provide the full path to the feature file.
2. Open a terminal or command prompt.
3. Navigate to the directory containing `Gherkin2Fibery.py`.
4. Run the script with the following command:

   ```sh
   python Gherkin2Fibery.py <feature_file_path>
   ```

5. After the script checks the formatting and parses the feature file, it will prompt you to confirm whether you want to continue and write the CSV file. Type `yes` to proceed or `no` to cancel the operation.

### Configuration Management

The script now uses a `Config` class to manage file paths and command-line arguments. This class is defined in the `config.py` file.

### Example

```python
from config import Config

config = Config()
feature_file_path = config.get_feature_file_path()
output_csv_path = config.get_output_csv_path()
```

### Running the Inspection Script

1. Place your Gherkin feature file in the same directory as `inspectFeature.py` or provide the full path to the feature file.
2. Open a terminal or command prompt.
3. Navigate to the directory containing `inspectFeature.py`.
4. Run the script with the following command:

   ```sh
   python inspectFeature.py <feature_file_path>
   ```

5. The script will display a summary of any formatting errors or syntax issues found in the feature file.

### New Behavior of `inspectFeature.py`

The `inspectFeature.py` script has been updated to find lines close to the target Gherkin syntax and ask the user for confirmation. It updates the original file with the new changes and parses the file again. If there are no more errors, the script returns a message indicating the feature file is clean.

## Running Tests

To run the unit tests for the functions in `Gherkin2Fibery.py`, you can use the following command:

```sh
python -m unittest Gherkin2Fibery.py
```

To run the unit tests specified in the `UnitTests.feature` file, you can use the following command:

```sh
python -m unittest discover -s tests -p "UnitTests.feature"
```

To run the new test files that use `io.StringIO` for in-memory file-like objects, you can use the following command:

```sh
python -m unittest discover -s tests -p "test_*.py"
```

## Additional Files

- `gherkin_parser.py`: Contains the function to parse Gherkin feature files.
- `csv_writer.py`: Contains the function to write parsed data to a CSV file.
- `format_checker.py`: Contains the function to check the formatting of the feature file.
- `config.py`: Contains the `Config` class to manage file paths and command-line arguments.
